Title: Find Jobs in Tech | Dice.com

URL: https://www.dice.com/

Find Jobs in Tech | Dice.com
Tech jobs you want
at companies you admire
Build the tech career that's right for you.
Start your
job search
Loading...
Looking for tech talent?
The tech professionals you need are on Dice.
Hire tech talent
Post a job
Explore thousands of top tech employers hiring on Dice, featuring…
Dice, by the numbers
5k+
Companies hire on Dice
150k+
Jobs posted monthly on Dice
6.5M+
Tech professionals trust Dice
Tech Professionals
Find the right tech job, on your terms
Dice gives you tools to instantly find and filter through jobs that match your skills, experience and career goals — so you can choose your next role with confidence.
Create your free profile
Tech Career Resources: Advice, tips and more
Insights on how to find and land jobs, evaluate companies and roles, earn what you're worth, upskill and uplevel, and so much more.
Career Advice Categories
💼
Job Hunting
📄
Resume Help
🧐
Interview Tips
🧭
Career Path
🌱
Career Growth
🤲
Diversity Equity and Inclusion
☀️
Dice Daily
🎙
Tech Connects Podcast
Get more career insights
The Tech Salary Report is out now!
The Dice Tech Salary Report is now available. With insights into key salary trends broken down by jobs, skills and even where you live, this is your guide to boosting how much you earn in 2024.
Read the report
Future of Tech Recruiting: How AI Will  Change Recruiting
Future of Tech Recruiting: How AI Will  Change Recruiting
Automation has impacted recruiting for quite some time. However, the next several years may bring recruiting’s biggest shift in decades, thanks to the evolution of generative AI and the increasing adoption of conversational AI, which may prove pivotal for recruiting teams and staffing firms. Here’s how generative AI has already changed recruiting, how it’s evolving, and which AI applications recruiters can start adopting now. We’ll also share how organizations can prepare for the transformations and greater recruiting efficiencies promised by conversational AI. Here are the topline benefits recruiters have reaped from AI, how those benefits came about, and where the future of AI and recruiting is heading. Generative AI has been a game changer for recruiting Core metrics like cost per hire, time to hire, redeployment (for staffing firms), and candidate satisfaction have been drastically improved by AI over the past five or so years, as it reduces mundane, repetitive tasks and frees recr
Business Analyst: Job Description Template
Business Analyst: Job Description Template
Looking for a job posting template for Business Analyst jobs that can help you attract top talent? We’ve got you covered. Use this free business analyst job description sample template to assist you in finding the most qualified and experienced Business Analyst to support your company’s needs—and make the hiring process easier on you, too. Just post this template to our site and make necessary edits to highlight your company’s specific requirements and offerings. Hiring other positions? Check out our job description template library. Business Analyst Job Summary: We’re in search of a Business Analyst who is obsessed with details, well-versed in strategic planning, and skilled at implementing business information systems. We’ll need you to develop cost-based strategies and help streamline reporting capabilities, while optimizing workflows and identifying next-level market opportunities. You can spot problems before they steamroll and create solutions that will assist us in moving forwar
Back End Developer Skills You Need to Know
Back End Developer Skills You Need to Know
Back end developers have a vital task: they must build and maintain the infrastructure that allows the front end of a website (i.e., what the user sees) to operate. While those end users may never think about all the work necessary to have a site load instantly, back end developers are obsessed with ensuring servers, applications, and databases can handle anything. Organizations everywhere need their web infrastructure maintained, which is why there’s intense demand for back end developers with the right mix of skills and experience. According to Lightcast, which collects and analyzes millions of job postings from across the country, organizations posted some 28,865 back end developer job openings over the past 12 months; projected growth for the profession is estimated at 19.2 percent over the next decade. What Skills Do Back End Developers Need? Lightcast also offers a breakdown of back end developer “distinguishing skills,” which are defined as the advanced skills these tech profess
Employers
Find and hire top tech talent today
With access to millions of tech professionals and the AI matching tools to connect you with the best ones, Dice makes filling your open roles easier than ever.
Hire tech talent
Post a job
Opportunity is waiting
Join the millions of tech professionals who use Dice to help grow their tech careers. Find jobs, discover companies, get advice, and more!
Create your free profile
"All the features are easy to navigate, and the search engine is not overwhelming, as I get the right candidates and skills the first time around. Lastly, I get the best service support interaction. They are quick to help with any issues and they do it with top-tier service."
The Select Group
“Perfect platform for
real
jobs in the IT world. The job postings direct you to a recruiter for the company or to the company's website itself.”
Nichole P., Tech Professional
“I get more job leads from Dice than any other platform. Fact. And, these leads are authentic and relevant."
Zach Riley, Tech Professional
Browse Jobs & Companies
Job Title
Data, AI & ML
Skills
Popular Searches
Category
Top Companies
.NET Developer
Business Analyst
Cyber Security Analyst
Data Scientist
DevOps Engineer
Full Stack Developer
Game Developer
IT help desk
IT Support
Network Administrator
Network Engineer
Product Manager
Program Manager
Project Management
Project Manager
QA Tester
Quality Analyst
Salesforce Developer
Scrum Master
SDET
SEO jobs
SOC Analyst
Software Developer
Software Engineer
Solution Architect
Systems Administrator
Tech Sales
Web Developer
Apache Kafka
Artificial intelligence
Big data
Business analytics
Cognos
Data analysis
Data Engineer
Data science
Datadog
DBA
Deep learning
ETL
Machine Learning Engineer
MongoDB
MySQL
Neural networks
Oracle
Prompt engineering
Python
Python Developer
SAP HANA
Snowflake
Spark
Splunk
SQL
SQL Developer
Tableau
TensorFlow
Amazon Web Services
AngularJS
Autodesk
Azure
C
C#
C++
Cryptocurrency
Django
Docker
Elasticsearch
Erlang
GraphQL
Groovy
JavaScript
Kotlin
Linux
MATLAB
Mulesoft
Pega
Perl
React.js
Ruby
SAP ABAP
Scala
Selenium
Spring
Xamarin
.NET
Android Developer
AWS
Backend Developer
Blockchain
Cloud
Cyber security
Data Analyst
Data Analytics
Data engineering
Entry level computer science
Entry level cyber security
Entry level data analyst
Fintech
Frontend Developer
Gaming
iOS Developer
IT remote jobs
Java
Machine learning
Mobile Developer
Programming
Remote cyber security
Remote tech jobs
ServiceNow
Swift
UX
Video Game
Aerospace engineering
Agile
Computer
Computer engineering
Computer science
Computer security
Data Analyst remote
Data entry
Data mining
DevOps
DoD jobs
Educational technology
Entry level IT
Hadoop
Information technology
IT jobs
Linux Administrator
Part time jobs
PHP Developer
QA
Remote jobs
Remote tech support
Software engineering
Startup jobs
Technical support
Technical writing
Technology
Work from home
Arthrex Inc.
Bank of America
Caesars Entertainment, Inc.
Campbell Soup Company
Capital One
DISH
Eli Lilly and Company
Epic Games
FEMA
Ford Motor Company
Geico
JPMorgan Chase
Luxoft USA Inc.
Mayo Clinic
Metropolitan Tranportation Authority
Montefiore Health System Inc
National Security Agency
Northrop Grumman
Pfizer
SpaceX
Swift
Synechron
Tesla
Texas A&M University
The Walt Disney Company
Travelers
Uber
Verizon
Browse all jobs
"All the features are easy to navigate, and the search engine is not overwhelming, as I get the right candidates and skills the first time around. Lastly, I get the best service support interaction. They are quick to help with any issues and they do it with top-tier service."
The Select Group
“Perfect platform for
real
jobs in the IT world. The job postings direct you to a recruiter for the company or to the company's website itself.”
Nichole P., Tech Professional
“I get more job leads from Dice than any other platform. Fact. And, these leads are authentic and relevant."
Zach Riley, Tech Professional
Loading...